---
layout: post
title: "Dropbox - Online backup, file sync, and sharing made easy"
date: 2010-08-28 16:23:38 -0700
comments: true
categories: 
- tools
---

[Dropbox](https://www.dropbox.com/referrals/NTk3MDgwMzk) is the easiest way to
store, backup, sync, and, share files online.  Simply put your files into your
Dropbox on one computer and they are instantly available on any of your other
computers that also have Dropbox installed (Windows, Mac, and Linux too!).
Because copies of your files are stored on Dropbox's secure servers, you can
also access them from any computer or mobile device using the
[Dropbox](http://www.dropbox.com) website.

The free Dropbox account comes with 2GB of space that you can use for as long as
you like. Need more than 2GB of space? Dropbox offers up to 100GB plans to meet
all your sync and sharing needs.

<!-- more -->

Features Include:

*   *File Sync*: With Dropbox, your files are always in sync. Let's say you're
    editing a document in the Dropbox folder at home. As soon as you press Save,
    Dropbox will sync this file to all your other computers and mobile devices
    instantly and automatically. It's as if you saved the document to all of
    your computers. This gives you the freedom to work anywhere and always have
    the files you need.
*   *File Sharing*: Dropbox lets you share files easily. You can easily share
    entire folders or photo albums with Dropbox. Simply put the folders you want
    to share in your Dropbox, and invite people to them. You can also send
    people links to specific files within your Dropbox. This makes Dropbox
    perfect for team projects.
*   *Online Backup*: With Dropbox, online backup is automatic. Any file you put
    into your Dropbox folder is automatically backed up to Dropbox's servers.
    Even if your computer has a melt-down, your files are safe on Dropbox and
    can be restored at any time.  Dropbox's free 2GB account is perfect for
    backing up your documents; however, they also offer larger accounts (up to
    100GB) for backing up your music and video collections.
*   *Undo and Undelete*: Dropbox lets you go back in time to undelete or undo
    changes to files. Every time you save a file in Dropbox, Dropbox syncs it to
    their secure servers.  Dropbox keeps a history of every change you make so
    that you can undo any mistakes and even undelete files. By default, they
    keep 30 days of history for all your files. They also have an unlimited undo
    option called "Pack-rat".

For a full list of features, please visit: https://www.dropbox.com/features
